This huge PR adds proper SEO to all articles in the docs for better search engine indexing (#162)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/python/examples/tools/restoring-golem-wallet.md

---
title: Wallet Recovery via Keystore in Yagna 

> description: Learn how to restore your Golem wallet using a keystore file with this comprehensive guide on wallet recovery in Yagna. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to restore your Golem wallet using a keystore file with this comprehensive instruction focused on wallet recovery in Yagna. 
```

Author: I don't think it sounds right in this one.

> pageTitle: Recover Your Golem Wallet - Keystore Restoration Guide for Yagna

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pageTitle: Recover Your Golem Wallet - Keystore Restoration Instructions for Yagna
```
